[SWISH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
And I hope you're
planted in your couch
or wherever you may
be at home, watching
this incredible program
of "Beyond Belief."
Debbie Solaris is
an ET contactee,
interdimensional traveler,
galactic historian,
and after a very faithful
extraterrestrial contact
experience just a
few years ago, Debbie
awakened to her true star
lineage and higher calling.
Now through her
ancestral connection
with the Akashic records,
she's been receiving downloads
of galactic
historical information
and universal spiritual
knowledge ever since.
Debbie, welcome to the program.
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
I'm very excited to be here.
>>NOORY: This is fascinating.
Tell me about a
galactic historian.
What is that, first of all?
>>SOLARIS: Actually,
that wasn't even
a term I coined for myself.
It was just what people
started calling me after--
>>NOORY: They coined the phrase.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, they
coined the phrase
because of the
type of information
that I was downloading
from the Akashic records.
After I had my ET contact
experience in 2012,
I found that just
kind of randomly, all
my extrasensory perception
had increased quite a bit,
I would say probably by 100%.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>SOLARIS: Because
before, I was just
like a regular, ordinary human.
[LAUGHS]
I didn't have any abilities.
>>NOORY: What's a regular human?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know.
It's just kind of weird.
But I found that I was starting
to download information
about galactic wars and
different star systems.
I'm not an astronomy person.
I've never studied astronomy.
But all of a sudden, I
knew all the star systems.
I knew where they were
located, the details
of these star systems.
I knew the history of
these star systems.
>>NOORY: Just overnight, right?
>>SOLARIS: Overnight.
Yeah.
It was really strange.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
this contactee experience.
What happened to you?
>>SOLARIS: Well, in 2012--
this was probably
around probably May,
June time period--
I was very concerned about,
you know, things that
were going on in the world.
And so one night I sent out a
prayer to the entire universe
that we here on Earth
needed assistance.
We needed divine protection--
>>NOORY: In a big way.
>>SOLARIS: --in a very big way.
And so I sent this prayer out.
I sent it out to the
angelic realm, the--
Jesus, I mean, anybody
I can think of.
And I was a non-believer
at the time.
I was not somebody that
believed in extraterrestrials.
My husband was more the person
that was into the paranormal.
I wasn't so much.
But I just sent this prayer out.
And I didn't-- nothing
happened for two weeks.
I was just kind
of like, oh, well.
You know, prayed,
nothing happened.
>>NOORY: Did you expect
anything to happen?
>>SOLARIS: Not really.
I was just--
>>NOORY: You just
put it out there.
>>SOLARIS: I just
I wasn't really expecting
any kind of response.
But in June, the first
week of June 2012,
I had just had
minor back surgery.
I went to sleep as normal.
And when I came
to consciousness,
I found that I was in
a different reality.
And it was not a dream.
It was actually much more,
I would say, intense,
more intense than
even a lucid dream.
>>NOORY: Would you say you
were physically somewhere else?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Aboard
a craft, perhaps?
>>SOLARIS: Yes.
I found myself on an
extraterrestrial starship.
It was--
>>NOORY: Was it hovering
above the planet?
>>SOLARIS: My
understanding from what
the extraterrestrials
on board that ship
told me is that they
were in the solar system
in an area between the
asteroid belt and Jupiter.
>>NOORY: And this contactee
experience that occurred, I
want to get into what
the ship looked like
and what the ETs looked like.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: But why you?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Were there other
humans aboard the ship?
>>SOLARIS: Not any
Earth humans, no.
Not that I saw.
>>NOORY: All right.
So you're aboard this craft.
Kind of describe first
of all the ETs, Deb.
>>SOLARIS: I got
led by the ship.
The ship was kind of
like a living entity.
It was not like a metallic ship.
It was made of light and
some sort of weird materials
that I'd never seen before.
>>NOORY: But physical.
>>SOLARIS: But physical, yeah.
I was led to a room, and I
encountered about four or five
extraterrestrial beings.
>>NOORY: And they looked like
the standard grays or humans?
What did they look like?
>>SOLARIS: They didn't
look like gray aliens,
but they didn't
look human either.
They had larger
heads, large eyes.
I could see that
much about them.
>>NOORY: Clearly, if they
walked down our streets,
people would say, uh,
that's not a human.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They were definitely not human.
They had more refined
features than a gray alien.
I mean, if you were to
first glance at them,
you would think, oh, yeah,
they're possibly grays,
but they weren't.
They had very colorful auras.
They emanated all this
love and acceptance.
>>NOORY: How did they
communicate with you?
Telepathy?
>>SOLARIS: Telepathy, yes.
>>NOORY: Did you feel at
all threatened or scared?
>>SOLARIS: Not at all.
Not at all.
And that was kind of surprising
to me, because I mean,
obviously, I'd never
encountered anything like this.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
So you're there on this craft.
Describe what the craft
looked like inside.
>>SOLARIS: It looked
very organic, actually.
It kind of shifted and moved.
>>NOORY: I mean, were the
ETs sitting at control panels
like you would expect a
pilot to sit at a plane?
>>SOLARIS: No, it
was-- they had me
inside what they call the
orientation room, which
looked like kind of a futuristic
room with some chairs.
And there was a big
hologram in the room.
And they had me in the
middle of this hologram,
and they were communicating
with me via telepathy.
And I remember asking
them, why am I here?
You know, what is this?
Where am I at?
Who are you?
And why am I here?
>>NOORY: Did you get answers?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely, yes.
>>NOORY: You did?
Why were you there?
>>SOLARIS: They said
they heard my prayer.
Number one, they
heard my prayer,
and they were moved
by the prayer.
Number two is I was
part of their family.
So I was a human incarnation
of a soul that originated
from their star system.
>>NOORY: Were you there to
learn something from them,
or were you there for
them to learn something
about you and us?
>>SOLARIS: I think
it was probably both,
but I would say I was there to
remember why I came to Earth.
>>NOORY: Richard Dolan appeared
on one of our programs called
"Phenomena" that
we have with Gaia,
and he was talking
about the late Dr. John
Mack, psychiatrist, about these
encounters similar to what
happened to you.
>>SOLARIS: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
There is little
that can be more terrifying
for a human being than to be
overtaken by another species.
This is what occurs
during what is
called the phenomena
of alien abduction.
Though a highly
controversial subject,
it's been studied
in depth, including
by a leading psychologist at
Harvard University, Dr. John
Mack.
His findings?
Something real is happening.
I spoke with Richard Dolan
about Dr. Mack's conclusions.
>>RICHARD DOLAN:
They'll say, oh,
John Mack thought that
the ETs were good,
whereas people like Bud
Hopkins and David Jacobs
say the ETs are bad.
And it's really not
that simplistic.
But John Mack said, look.
A lot of people had very, very
frightening experiences here.
But what he pointed
out is if you
are going to go through any kind
of true growth in your life,
it's going to involve stripping
away closely held illusions.
We all grow up with illusions.
You have, I have.
Everyone listening has
grown up with false beliefs.
And if you are going
to go beyond that
and truly develop into
something beyond what--
you know, this little box of
reality that you're placed in,
then you have to go through a
painful process of facing down
lies and illusions,
and it's not fun.
No one ever wants to do that.
And I think what
John Mack was saying
is that this was a
component of what we call
the alien abduction experience.
He didn't really like to
use the phrase abduction,
but essentially, that's an
important component of it.
Now does that mean that their
intentions were all good?
I don't know if he would even
go so far as to say that.
But that the repercussions
of the contact
that we have with them could
result in true human growth.
And you know, when
you look at people
who've had these experiences,
many of them have developed--
>>MEREDITH: Psychic abilities.
>>DOLAN: --psychic
abilities, and also interests
that have to do with kind
of a global consciousness.
This is very typical.
So there's something going
on there that is not--
you know, you can use
a traumatic experience
to get personal
growth out of it,
and I think that was his point.
>>NOORY: Sounds like some of
the things that happened to you.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
It's dead on what
happened to me.
It's funny that he used a
word illusion, because that's
what the Arcturians--
that's what they told me they
were, the extraterrestrials I
had encounters with--
they said that a lot of
the things-- because I
had a lot of questions about
what was happening on Earth.
And a lot of the things
that they told me,
they mentioned
the word illusion.
They mentioned it,
like, five times.
That the third dimensional
reality that we're in currently
is an illusion.
When I was onboard the
ship, the ship struck me--
just the environment there,
the colors were more brilliant.
The details were very sharp.
It seemed more like
a hyper reality.
I had never seen that before.
It felt more real than you
and me sitting here right now.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: When you
were brought back,
were you put back
in your bedroom?
Where were you brought back?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I
woke up in my bed.
It was morning.
>>NOORY: Thinking
you had a dream?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, yeah--
well, initially-- no,
I knew it wasn't a
dream, because it just
seemed so strange.
But I was definitely, I guess,
perplexed about what happened.
I remember calling my husband.
He was away at the time.
And I told him--
>>NOORY: Were you emotional?
>>SOLARIS: No.
Not at all.
I was just kind of like--
I said, I had a
strange experience.
And he didn't believe me.
He thought it was just a dream.
And I said, no,
this wasn't a dream.
This was a real--
very real experience.
>>NOORY: Does he
believe you now?
>>SOLARIS: He does.
Yes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: What
convinced him finally?
>>SOLARIS: I think the fact
that there was so much detail
to my story, because
I remember details--
I remember details even today
like it happened yesterday.
I mean, I still remember
the rooms, the atrium,
being led through the ship.
You know, seeing different
spaces in the ship.
I still remember encountering
other extraterrestrial beings,
not Arcturians, but
other species of beings.
I remember it all
like yesterday.
>>NOORY: Did they ever
tell you what star
cluster they were from?
>>SOLARIS: Yes,
they said they were
from the Bootes constellation.
>>NOORY: OK.
Interesting.
Many light years away.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
About 37 light years away.
>>NOORY: The Akashic records.
Tell me a little bit
about what they are
and what your involvement
was with them.
>>SOLARIS: Actually,
I didn't intend
to become an Akashic
records guide or person.
>>NOORY: Just happened.
>>SOLARIS: It just happened.
I just noticed that I was just--
when they were saying
on the video clip
that people have psychic--
you know, they gained
psychic experiences, that's
definitely what happened to me.
I found my extrasensory
perception increased 100-fold
after I had this experience.
I was seeing auras,
I was seeing energy,
I was having
interdimensional experiences.
I was getting downloads.
I would meet a person and know
immediately, oh, yeah, they're
from the Pleiades originally.
I mean, it was
just kind of crazy.
And I didn't know where this
information was coming from.
I spent several years
I think after 2012
just trying to figure out
what was happening to me.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
Who wouldn't?
On Gaia's program
"Initiation," Matias De Stefano
talked about the
Akashic records.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: My
name is Matias De Stefano,
and my purpose is to remember.
[WHOOSH]
Since I was three, I began
to remember a past life
before I was born.
I thought this was normal, until
many years later I realized
people cannot see
what I could see.
Usually at this age,
the brain begins
to disengage with
other dimensions,
but mine stayed active,
and still is today.
This part of my brain
that is still active
allows me to remember
in full detail the past
and connect me with the cosmic
memory that unites us all.
Through these visions,
I see people and places
and important things.
These visions help
me piece together
the existence of
not only humans,
but the universe itself.
>>NOORY: Similar to what
happened to you, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: I would say it's
exactly what happened to me.
>>NOORY: All right.
What are the Akashic records?
>>SOLARIS: The Akashic records
is a higher dimensional
storehouse of
cosmic information--
>>NOORY: About us?
>>SOLARIS: About us.
About everything that
happens in the universe.
And I always say this,
and I stand by it.
All of us have access
to the Akashic records.
I don't know why it's so
easy for me to access them.
Maybe because of what
happened similar to Matias.
But I'm just able to download
the information much easier.
And like he mentioned, it's
kind of like I see a movie.
I see a movie in
my head, you know?
So if I'm doing a
reading for a client,
I'm accessing their
particular records.
I use their full
name and birth date.
That's all I need,
and I will be able--
>>NOORY: And off you go.
>>SOLARIS: And off I go.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: They call
it the book of life.
That's what the Bible
used to call it.
I think that's what
they were referring
to as the Akashic records.
But it's kind of like an
intergalactic, cosmic computer
system that contains every
single information that's ever
happened in the past, future,
present, alternate dimensions,
alternate parallel
lives, different star
systems, everything.
>>NOORY: Can you erase the
Akashic records and rewrite it?
Or is it what it is?
>>SOLARIS: I think
it's mostly what it is.
You can certainly
set new intentions.
I do that a lot for clients.
You can set new intentions
for clients and their records.
So I don't know if there's
anything that actually
can be erased, but I do
think that we can certainly
set new intentions for
clients to have a much more
productive and fulfilling life.
>>NOORY: Since we're born,
from the moment we're born,
Debbie, does our life go
into this Akashic record?
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
Even before we're born.
>>NOORY: Who's recording it?
Or does just life do it?
>>SOLARIS: My understanding,
there is Akashic guides.
The extraterrestrials
that I met onboard
the ship told me that
I have an ancestral
connection to the
Akashic records, which
is why I'm able to access them.
But I do think there are higher
dimensional etheric beings that
maybe tend to the records.
But it's basically, I
think, a part of source.
>>NOORY: Is there a
difference between
galactic Akashic records
and other Akashic records,
or is it all one in the same?
>>SOLARIS: I would say
they're one in the same.
I think it depends on
your ability to access--
it's like various levels.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: So you
have, you know,
kind of the Earth-level
Akashic records,
which I think most Akashic
readers operate from the Earth
level, which is fine, you know?
That's where they're at.
I tend to operate in the
higher levels, you know?
So I go way deeper
into the records.
>>NOORY: Are you
glad this experience
happened to you, Deb?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, I am.
>>NOORY: No downsides
at all here?
>>SOLARIS: There's
been some downsides.
I can't say my life was perfect
after I had this experience.
It went through a
lot of ups and downs.
>>NOORY: Because
of the experience?
>>SOLARIS: Not because
of the experience itself,
but maybe because of my
reaction to the experience.
I felt a lot of depression after
I had my ET contact experience,
because I went from being
in the higher dimensions
back to third
dimension, and I didn't
understand why I was back
in the third dimension.
So it's very similar
to an NDE-type--
you know, somebody
has an NDE go through.
It made my--
I guess my 3D life a
little more difficult,
because I was having
these experiences
and I couldn't explain it.
>>NOORY: Now you do
readings for people.
>>SOLARIS: Right.
>>NOORY: Explain what they are.
And what do you call them?
Starseed readings?
>>SOLARIS: I do galactic
Akashic readings,
and I have quite a few
clients across the world that
contact me for readings.
A lot of these
clients are people
that, like Matias
was mentioning,
that they're starting to
get memories, you know?
They're starting to have--
>>NOORY: Similar
experiences to you, right?
>>SOLARIS: Somewhat, yeah.
Or they're just starting
to have random visions
and they're starting to
see extraterrestrials,
and they're wondering why.
And so they'll contact
me for a reading,
and I'll help them
guide through why they
are having these experiences.
You know, what's
happening with them?
>>NOORY: Now you're going
to do a reading on me.
>>SOLARIS: I am, yes.
>>NOORY: And you need
what kind of information?
>>SOLARIS: I actually
have it already.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>SOLARIS: I do.
>>NOORY: Who gave it to you?
>>SOLARIS: I looked it up.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Oh, all right.
>>SOLARIS: Used
Google [INAUDIBLE]..
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: OK.
So how do we begin?
>>SOLARIS: OK.
I'm going to do a little
bit of a space clearing
before we get started,
just to make sure
that we have only the
highest vibrations around us.
Usually when I start off, I
do a divine heart triangle,
so I'm going to be connecting
my heart chakra to yours, just
to connect with your energy.
We do the space clearing,
I'll do the pathway prayer,
and I have your
name and birth date.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: So you want
to go ahead get started?
>>NOORY: Sure.
Let's do it.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
Only the highest vibrations
of love and light
can be in this space
and all objects
in this space for the highest
good of George Ralph Noory.
For this reading today, all
other energies must leave now.
I call in the highest
level of the divine that
knows that love is the power and
the truth from which we read,
the highest level guides
and angels of George Ralph
Noory and myself to help
us with this reading.
Archangel Michael, hold this
space for us, and so it is.
And so we do acknowledge
the forces of light,
asking for guidance,
direction, and courage
to know the truth as it is
revealed for our highest
good and the highest good
of everyone connected to us.
Oh Holy Spirit of God, help
me to know George Ralph
Noory in the light of
the Akashic records
to see George Ralph
Noory in the eyes
of the lords of the records.
And enable me to share
the wisdom and compassion
that the masters,
teachers, and loved ones
have for George Ralph Noory.
OK, the records are now open.
OK, George, I don't know if
anybody's ever told you this,
but you're not
originally from Earth.
There's a reason
why I think you're
very interested in the
paranormal and the things
beyond, because you didn't
originate from this star
system.
Part of what Dolores
Cannon, who wrote "The Three
Waves of Volunteers
and the New Earth,"
she talks about
three generations
of volunteers that came here
to Earth to help with the Earth
ascension.
>>NOORY: And I knew Dolores.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Yeah.
She was a wonderful lady from
the same star system as me.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: There you go.
>>SOLARIS: But she talks
about the first wavers, OK?
So since you were
born in 1950, you're
a very early first waver, OK?
You came in kind of
more the beginning
of these waves of volunteers.
So what this tells
me about you is
you are a soul that has had
probably a few incarnations
here on Earth.
You're very experienced.
You came from different
star systems originally.
You've had experiences
in those star systems.
But the George that's here now
is here on a bigger mission,
OK?
What I picked up as far as your
origins is you came from a star
system called Lyra.
>>NOORY: Lyra.
OK.
>>SOLARIS: Lyra.
Originally, OK?
You've been to several
star systems, OK?
So Lyra is very important,
because it is where everything
began in this galaxy.
So when we started this
deep experimentation
into physicality-- so we went
from the higher dimensional,
etheric realms.
We're all part of source,
so we separated from source.
You were part of
a soul group that
was assigned to the
galactic center, which
is located between
Scorpio and Sagittarius.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: OK?
So there was a group of beings
known as the co-creators who
created the Lyra system.
They created planets and
locations for physical life
to begin.
When this occurred, you as
part of this oversoul group,
you incarnated into
the Lyra system, OK?
I do see--
I'm trying to see which
planet you were on.
I think it was Avion.
That's the name of the
planet that you originated.
>>NOORY: The planet Avion?
>>SOLARIS: Avion.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: You, I think--
you didn't have the typical
Lyran experience, OK?
And the reason why I say that
is because most Lyran people,
when they were first created--
these were higher dimensional
humans, by the way.
They weren't third
dimensional humans.
They were a very
simple race of people.
Most of them were
agricultural, OK?
You did not have that
agricultural experience.
>>NOORY: On that planet?
>>SOLARIS: On that planet.
The planet evolved, I think, and
they started having technology.
And I'm seeing that
you were connected
to the technology
of that planet,
that because you had
certain skill sets maybe
in communication or in certain
technological propensities,
you were pulled away from your
family to work in the new Lyran
starfleet, OK?
They did have enough technology
where they had starships.
I'm seeing you on
board a starship.
>>NOORY: So I was a
space-faring individual, huh?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, you were, yeah.
You traveled-- you
traveled a bit.
>>NOORY: Maybe my interest
in UFOs got started that way.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
I would think so.
I talk about this a
lot in my readings,
but Lyra was this beautiful
paradise planet or paradise
star system that got brutally
attacked by a neighboring star
system called Draco, OK?
This is where we get our concept
of draconians and reptilians.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
Were they obliterated?
>>SOLARIS: They
obliterated the system.
>>NOORY: My people, basically.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
They say 50 million Lyrans lost
their lives during the war.
>>NOORY: 50 million?
>>SOLARIS: 50 million.
They completely annihilated, I
think, at least three planets.
You, I think, survived the
wars, but somehow your ship
got circumvented.
You were headed to Sirius.
That was where-- I think your
ship evacuated some people.
You were being chased
by a draconian fleet.
And I'm seeing that you were
supposed to go to Sirius,
but you got circumvented
and you ended up
in the Orion belt stars.
In Orion, I'm seeing that
you were in the middle belt
star, which I think is Alnilam.
I'm seeing that you got involved
with the Orion liberation
process.
Orion was a very
large star system.
It's still a very
It has a lot of stars,
and it's kind of
like the melting
pot of the galaxy,
because there's many
different races of beings
that live there, some of them
benevolent and some of them
not.
And so there was definitely a
more of a duality consciousness
in Orion, and there was a lot
of conflicts, a lot of wars
for millions of years.
>>NOORY: And I'm right in
the middle of all of that.
>>SOLARIS: You are, yeah.
>>NOORY: Huh.
That's me.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
You have-- and I think
even your zodiac sign,
you're a Gemini, right?
>>NOORY: Yes, I am.
>>SOLARIS: So you have the
duality within yourself
that you're constantly
trying to resolve.
But what's really great
about being a Gemini
is that you're a
well-integrated soul.
You understand your feminine
side, your masculine side.
You understand the light
aspects of yourself,
the dark aspects of yourself.
You are a great communicator.
I'm seeing that you
worked in intelligence
with the Black League resistance
fighters in the Orion system.
I always call the belt
stars the good zone,
because these were people that
wanted to achieve their freedom
and they wanted to achieve unity
consciousness within the Orion
system.
But they were constantly
fighting against the outlier
stars in the Orion system--
Rigel, Bellatrix,
Betelgeuse-- that all
wanted to control the
entire system, OK?
Including the belt stars.
>>NOORY: Can you tell how
my life came to an end
during that period?
>>SOLARIS: They're
saying that you
went on a reconnaissance mission
and your ship got shot down.
>>NOORY: Oh, boy.
That's how I went, huh?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Well, at least
I went out as a hero.
>>SOLARIS: You did.
>>NOORY: Did I have family?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, you did.
>>NOORY: Now where may they be?
>>SOLARIS: They were in
the Alnilam, which is--
>>NOORY: And according, Debbie,
to our time, when might this
have occurred?
>>SOLARIS: This was likely at
least a million years ago when
this happened.
>>NOORY: Really?
Interesting.
>>SOLARIS: You've been
here on Earth for a while.
Unfortunately, we
don't have the time
to get into a full
Akashic reading.
But you've been
here for a while.
You've been here on
Earth for a long time.
What I'm seeing is eventually
in consequent reincarnations
in Orion, Orion did manage to
achieve unity consciousness.
So you, as this, I guess,
compassionate soul, you know,
wanting to be of
service, you wanted
to do the same thing
for planet Earth,
and that was your mission.
>>NOORY: And it's still
my mission, I think.
>>SOLARIS: It is.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: I want to look at
a clip from Raymond Tarpey
who talked with Regina
Meredith on "Open
Minds" about the universe
and how it's inhabited.
>>SOLARIS: Absolutely.
>>RAYMOND TARPEY: It is endless.
It is a universe of worlds.
What Casey talks about is a
habitation of all the realms
now invisible to us.
We think they are uninhabited.
He talked about the solar
system specifically,
and he comes through with
a new version of astrology
where Mars is inhabited right
now by billions of souls.
So are Venus.
All the planets.
All of them are inhabited.
But they are in the realm
of dark matter and dark
energy, which our quantum
physicists are finally
learning about and
realizing that they're
starting to sound like a bunch
of spiritual philosophers now,
talking, trying to explain
the standard model,
their standard model which
grew from their attempt
to understand everything
that's going on here.
And now it's going into realms
that they'd never predicted
would happen.
>>MEREDITH: Let me ask you a
question at that point, then.
If these beings, these
thousands and thousands of souls
are living on Mars
and Venus, is there
a migration back and forth
between Earth for them and--
>>TARPEY: Lifetimes.
>>MEREDITH: Lifetimes
of inhabiting Earth--
>>TARPEY: So he
said your astrology
is from a recent sojourn in Mars
or a recent sojourn in Venus.
I don't know what the
nature of that life is,
but it seems to be a vibration
and a whole other realm
of being that we don't know
about, because as the quantum
physicists now say, most of
the matter and the energy
of the universe is unseen by us,
our senses, or the instruments
that we've created to sense.
>>MEREDITH: So that
means they have
to be existing within,
for lack of a better term,
other dimensional fields.
>>TARPEY: Correct.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of that?
Is he spot on or not?
>>SOLARIS: I think he's pretty
close to the truth, yes.
Because when I look
in the records,
I see multitudes
of star people that
live in alternate dimensions.
The reason why I
think our scientists,
they look out in the space
and they can't find anything
is because they're looking
in the third dimension.
Most of these beings
live in higher demand.
>>NOORY: Other dimensions,
so we can't tell.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What happened
to you, your experience?
How would you tell
a human how they
can live their life without
that kind of experience
you went through?
>>SOLARIS: I think my story
is every person's story.
I think maybe I'm a
prototype for what
humanity is going towards.
We all have these abilities.
I'm not unique, you know?
I struggle with same human
issues everybody else does.
But I think I just had an
extraordinary experience.
What I usually tell
my clients is in order
to access the higher realms, you
need to raise your vibration.
Obviously, there's many ways
you can raise your vibration.
Some of us like to meditate.
That's what I do.
Some of us like
to eat good foods
or take care of our bodies.
Maybe listen to higher
vibrational music.
And by doing this--
and maybe being out
in nature as well.
I know a lot of my clients
enjoy nature, you know?
They say they feel better.
If we can raise our vibration
and just start really
listening to the little
voice within us, you know,
this little teeny
voice that maybe we've
drowned out through
the monkey mind
or through years of programming
that we're not supposed
to trust ourselves, you know?
That we're supposed to
put our trust in something
outside of ourselves.
In doing that, I think
they too can have access
to those higher realms,
to their higher guidance.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful
for humanity, Deb?
>>SOLARIS: I am, actually, yes.
I think that--
I see it across the--
I have a lot of clients
across the globe right now.
A lot of people are awakening.
A lot of people are realizing
that the status quo no longer
works.
They want to create
a better reality.
A lot of them are anxious
to get on their own mission,
so that's why they
come to me in order
to figure out what that is.
>>NOORY: Well,
keep helping them.
How do people get a hold of you?
>>SOLARIS: They can reach
me through my website.
I'm at www.debbiesolaris.com.
>>NOORY: S-O-L-A-R-I-S?
>>SOLARIS: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: Super.
>>SOLARIS: And I'm
also on YouTube,
so they can contact
me from there as well.
You just type in Debbie Solaris.
You'll find me on YouTube.
>>NOORY: Debbie, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
>>NOORY: What an amazing story.
She was abducted back in
2012, and it changed her life,
but maybe it's
also changed ours.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]